README.md, before:

# Exploratory Data analysis

Project: Exploratory data analysis of financial loan data

Author : Tania Moulik

Contact: tania.moulik@gmail.com

# Description
In this project I used R to explore Prosper Financial loan data.

This was a project done as part of the Udacity Course and it involved data visualization and analysis of a dataset of one's 
own choice. I chose the Prosper financial loan data.

Some of the variables explored in this project are :

- Loan APR
- Credit Score
- Credit Grade
- Loan Status
- Delinquency,
- Trades Delinquent
- Home owner status
- Employment status.

The variables pertain to the actual loan, and variables which can affect the credit score of a person which in turn influences the APR of the loan.

Further references for this project:

http://www.cookbook-r.com/Graphs/Colors_(ggplot2)/ https://www.prosper.com/help/topics/how-to-read-a-loan-listing https://www.r-bloggers.com/whisker-of-boxplot/ https://github.com/tidyverse/ggplot2/issues/2051 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39878813/r-ggplot-geom-bar-meaning-of-aesgroup-1 http://little-book-of-r-for-multivariate-analysis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/multivariateanalysis.html https://sachsmc.github.io/knit-git-markr-guide/knitr/knit.html https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/r_notebooks.html https://yihui.name/knitr/options/ http://www.stat.columbia.edu/~tzheng/files/Rcolor.pdf https://www.r-bloggers.com/palettes-in-r/ https://blog.equifax.com/credit/how-can-public-records-affect-my-credit-score/

Commit message:

Docs: Stylistic and Grammatical fixes
Change the font of "Description" and changed some of the wording in the Description part.

README.md, after:

# Exploratory Data analysis

Project: Exploratory data analysis of financial loan data

Author : Tania Moulik

Contact: tania.moulik@gmail.com

## Description
In this project I used R to explore Prosper Financial loan data.

This project is done as part of the Udacity Course and it involves data visualization and analysis of a dataset, of one's 
own choice. I chose the Prosper financial loan data.

Some of the variables explored in this project are :

- Loan APR
- Credit Score
- Credit Grade
- Loan Status
- Delinquency,
- Trades Delinquent
- Home owner status
- Employment status.

Some of the variables characterize the loan while others affect the credit score, 
which in turn influences the APR of the loan. Some of these relationships are studied.

Further references for this project:

http://www.cookbook-r.com/Graphs/Colors_(ggplot2)/ https://www.prosper.com/help/topics/how-to-read-a-loan-listing https://www.r-bloggers.com/whisker-of-boxplot/ https://github.com/tidyverse/ggplot2/issues/2051 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39878813/r-ggplot-geom-bar-meaning-of-aesgroup-1 http://little-book-of-r-for-multivariate-analysis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/multivariateanalysis.html https://sachsmc.github.io/knit-git-markr-guide/knitr/knit.html https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/r_notebooks.html https://yihui.name/knitr/options/ http://www.stat.columbia.edu/~tzheng/files/Rcolor.pdf https://www.r-bloggers.com/palettes-in-r/ https://blog.equifax.com/credit/how-can-public-records-affect-my-credit-score/
